condition	vocab_id	code	description
calcification	ICD10	M65.2	Calcific tendinitis
calcification	ICD10	M71.4	Calcium deposit in bursa
calcification	ICD10	M75.3	Calcific tendinitis of shoulder
calcification	ICD10	M76.2	Iliac crest spur
calcification	ICD10	M77.2	Periarthritis of wrist
calcification	ICD10	M77.3	Calcaneal spur
calcification	Read2	N211100	Calcifying tendinitis of the shoulder
calcification	Read2	N212000	Periarthritis of shoulder
calcification	Read2	N214200	Periarthritis of wrist
calcification	Read2	N215300	Iliac crest spur
calcification	Read2	N216211	Pellegrini - Stieda syndrome
calcification	Read2	N217700	Calcaneal spur
calcification	Read2	N21z100	Periarthritis NOS
calcification	Read2	N23y900	Calcific tendinitis
calcification	CTV3	N2111Y70SG	Calcifying tendinitis of the shoulder
calcification	CTV3	XE1FLY70SJ	Periarthritis of shoulder
calcification	CTV3	N2142Y70TA	Periarthritis of wrist
calcification	CTV3	N2153Y70UM	Iliac crest spur
calcification	CTV3	Xa1uRYa3hY	Calcification of medial collateral ligament of knee
calcification	CTV3	N2177YM1gW	Calcaneal spur
calcification	CTV3	N21z1Y70S9	Periarthritis NOS
calcification	CTV3	N23y9YMAqK	Calcific tendinitis
calcification	medcodeid	178460018	Periarthritis of wrist
calcification	medcodeid	483645017	Calcifying tendinitis of the shoulder
calcification	medcodeid	91871010	Calcaneal spur
calcification	medcodeid	158048010	Calcific tendinitis
calcification	medcodeid	311398011	Periarthritis NOS
calcification	medcodeid	1786700015	Periarthritis of shoulder
calcification	medcodeid	139830015	Iliac crest spur
calcification	medcodeid	221601000000118	Pellegrini - Stieda syndrome
calcification	SNOMEDCT	111242007	Periarthritis of wrist
calcification	SNOMEDCT	27741009	Calcifying tendinitis of the shoulder
calcification	SNOMEDCT	55260003	Calcaneal spur
calcification	SNOMEDCT	95414005	Calcific tendinitis
calcification	SNOMEDCT	50921008	Periarthritis NOS
calcification	SNOMEDCT	399114005	Periarthritis of shoulder
calcification	SNOMEDCT	84308008	Iliac crest spur
calcification	SNOMEDCT	60644007	Pellegrini - Stieda syndrome
calcification	Read2_5digit	N2111	Calcifying tendinitis of the shoulder
calcification	Read2_5digit	N2120	Periarthritis of shoulder
calcification	Read2_5digit	N2142	Periarthritis of wrist
calcification	Read2_5digit	N2153	Iliac crest spur
calcification	Read2_5digit	N2162	Pellegrini - Stieda syndrome
calcification	Read2_5digit	N2177	Calcaneal spur
calcification	Read2_5digit	N21z1	Periarthritis NOS
calcification	Read2_5digit	N23y9	Calcific tendinitis
calcification	CTV3_5digit	N2111	Calcifying tendinitis of the shoulder
calcification	CTV3_5digit	N2142	Periarthritis of wrist
calcification	CTV3_5digit	N2153	Iliac crest spur
calcification	CTV3_5digit	Xa1uR	Calcification of medial collateral ligament of knee
calcification	CTV3_5digit	N2177	Calcaneal spur
calcification	CTV3_5digit	N21z1	Periarthritis NOS
calcification	CTV3_5digit	N23y9	Calcific tendinitis
