condition	vocab_id	code	description
diverticuli	ICD10	K38.2	Diverticulum of appendix
diverticuli	ICD10	K57	Diverticular disease of intestine
diverticuli	Read2	7718000	Excision of diverticulum of colon
diverticuli	Read2	J23z300	Appendicular diverticulum
diverticuli	Read2	J51..00	Diverticula of intestine
diverticuli	Read2	J51..11	Diverticular disease
diverticuli	Read2	J510.00	Diverticulosis
diverticuli	Read2	J510000	Diverticulosis of the duodenum
diverticuli	Read2	J510100	Diverticulosis of the jejunum
diverticuli	Read2	J510200	Diverticulosis of the ileum
diverticuli	Read2	J510300	Diverticulosis of the small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	Read2	J510400	Diverticulosis of the small intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2	J510500	Diverticulosis of the colon
diverticuli	Read2	J510600	Diverticulosis of the large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	Read2	J510700	Diverticulosis of the large intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2	J510800	Diverticular disease of both small and large intestine without perforation or abscess
diverticuli	Read2	J510900	Bleeding diverticulosis
diverticuli	Read2	J510y00	Diverticulosis unspecified
diverticuli	Read2	J510z00	Diverticulosis NOS
diverticuli	Read2	J511.00	Diverticulitis
diverticuli	Read2	J511000	Diverticulitis of the duodenum
diverticuli	Read2	J511100	Diverticulitis of the jejunum
diverticuli	Read2	J511200	Diverticulitis of the ileum
diverticuli	Read2	J511300	Diverticulitis of the small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	Read2	J511400	Diverticulitis of the small intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2	J511500	Diverticulitis of the colon
diverticuli	Read2	J511600	Diverticulitis of the large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	Read2	J511700	Diverticulitis of the large intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2	J511y00	Diverticulitis unspecified
diverticuli	Read2	J511z00	Diverticulitis NOS
diverticuli	Read2	J512.00	Perforated diverticulum
diverticuli	Read2	J512000	Perforated diverticulum of duodenum
diverticuli	Read2	J512100	Perforated diverticulum of jejunum
diverticuli	Read2	J512200	Perforated diverticulum of ileum
diverticuli	Read2	J512300	Perforated diverticulum of small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	Read2	J512400	Perforated diverticulum of small intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2	J512500	Perforated diverticulum of colon
diverticuli	Read2	J512600	Perforated diverticulum of large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	Read2	J512700	Perforated diverticulum of large intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2	J512800	Diverticular disease of both small and large intestine with perforation and abscess
diverticuli	Read2	J512y00	Perforated diverticulum unspecified
diverticuli	Read2	J512z00	Perforated diverticulum of intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2	J513.00	Diverticular abscess
diverticuli	Read2	J51z.00	Diverticula of the intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3	77180Y21iO	Excision of diverticulum of colon
diverticuli	CTV3	J23z3Y30E7	Appendicular diverticulum
diverticuli	CTV3	XE2sfY3099	Diverticular disorder of intestine
diverticuli	CTV3	X304PY30E8	Diverticular disease
diverticuli	CTV3	X304PY309A	Diverticulosis
diverticuli	CTV3	J5100Y309b	Diverticulosis of the duodenum
diverticuli	CTV3	J5101Y309a	Diverticulosis of the jejunum
diverticuli	CTV3	J5102Y309Z	Diverticulosis of the ileum
diverticuli	CTV3	J5103Y309Y	Diverticulosis of the small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3	J5104Y309X	Diverticulosis of the small intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3	J5105YM0tk	Diverticulosis of the colon
diverticuli	CTV3	J5106Y30EB	Diverticulosis of the large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3	J5107Y30EA	Diverticulosis of the large intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3	J5108YMAlM	Diverticular disease of both small and large intestine without perforation or abscess
diverticuli	CTV3	J5109YaY9u	Bleeding diverticulosis
diverticuli	CTV3	J510yY309W	Diverticulosis unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3	J510zY309V	Diverticulosis NOS
diverticuli	CTV3	XaB8ZY309N	Diverticulitis
diverticuli	CTV3	J5110Y309U	Diverticulitis of the duodenum
diverticuli	CTV3	J5111Y309T	Diverticulitis of the jejunum
diverticuli	CTV3	J5112Y309S	Diverticulitis of the ileum
diverticuli	CTV3	J5113Y309R	Diverticulitis of the small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3	J5114Y309Q	Diverticulitis of the small intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3	J5115YM0tl	Diverticulitis of colon
diverticuli	CTV3	J5116Y30EM	Diverticulitis of the large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3	J5117Y30EL	Diverticulitis of the large intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3	J511yY309P	Diverticulitis unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3	J511zY309O	Diverticulitis NOS
diverticuli	CTV3	J512.Y309C	Perforated diverticulum
diverticuli	CTV3	J5120Y309M	Perforated diverticulum of duodenum
diverticuli	CTV3	J5121Y309L	Perforated diverticulum of jejunum
diverticuli	CTV3	J5122Y309K	Perforated diverticulum of ileum
diverticuli	CTV3	J5123Y309J	Perforated diverticulum of small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3	J5124Y309I	Perforated diverticulum of small intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3	J5125Y309H	Perforated diverticulum of colon
diverticuli	CTV3	J5126Y309G	Perforated diverticulum of large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3	J5127Y309F	Perforated diverticulum of large intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3	J5128YMAlN	Diverticular disease of both small and large intestine with perforation and abscess
diverticuli	CTV3	J512yY309E	Perforated diverticulum unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3	J512zY309D	Perforated diverticulum of intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3	X304RY30EN	Diverticular abscess
diverticuli	CTV3	J51z.Y309B	Diverticula of the intestine NOS
diverticuli	medcodeid	303123015	Diverticulosis of the duodenum
diverticuli	medcodeid	303124014	Diverticulosis of the jejunum
diverticuli	medcodeid	303150013	Perforated diverticulum of ileum
diverticuli	medcodeid	353440011	Diverticular abscess
diverticuli	medcodeid	450775010	Diverticulitis
diverticuli	medcodeid	485644015	Diverticulitis of the duodenum
diverticuli	medcodeid	503419012	Perforated diverticulum of colon
diverticuli	medcodeid	1222658010	Appendicular diverticulum
diverticuli	medcodeid	1777478012	Diverticular disease
diverticuli	medcodeid	303127019	Diverticulosis of the small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	medcodeid	303131013	Diverticulosis of the large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	medcodeid	303141011	Diverticulitis of the small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	medcodeid	303142016	Diverticulitis of the small intestine NOS
diverticuli	medcodeid	303144015	Diverticulitis of the large intestine NOS
diverticuli	medcodeid	303145019	Diverticulitis unspecified
diverticuli	medcodeid	303146018	Diverticulitis NOS
diverticuli	medcodeid	303151012	Perforated diverticulum of small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	medcodeid	303152017	Perforated diverticulum of small intestine NOS
diverticuli	medcodeid	303153010	Perforated diverticulum of large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	medcodeid	303159014	Diverticula of the intestine NOS
diverticuli	medcodeid	1786077011	Diverticulosis of the colon
diverticuli	medcodeid	651641000006113	Excision of diverticulum of colon
diverticuli	medcodeid	1786007012	Diverticulosis
diverticuli	medcodeid	303156019	Perforated diverticulum unspecified
diverticuli	medcodeid	303135016	Diverticulosis unspecified
diverticuli	medcodeid	303136015	Diverticulosis NOS
diverticuli	medcodeid	303134017	Bleeding diverticulosis
diverticuli	medcodeid	303157011	Perforated diverticulum of intestine NOS
diverticuli	medcodeid	303128012	Diverticulosis of the small intestine NOS
diverticuli	medcodeid	303143014	Diverticulitis of the large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	medcodeid	303126011	Diverticulosis of the ileum
diverticuli	medcodeid	105596011	Diverticula of intestine
diverticuli	medcodeid	626571000006113	Divertic disease/both sml+lge intestin with perforat+abscess
diverticuli	medcodeid	303147010	Perforated diverticulum
diverticuli	medcodeid	303148017	Perforated diverticulum of duodenum
diverticuli	medcodeid	303149013	Perforated diverticulum of jejunum
diverticuli	medcodeid	500628015	Diverticulitis of the ileum
diverticuli	medcodeid	303132018	Diverticulosis of the large intestine NOS
diverticuli	medcodeid	303154016	Perforated diverticulum of large intestine NOS
diverticuli	medcodeid	626561000006118	Divertic dis/both sml+lge intestin without perfor or abscess
diverticuli	medcodeid	626651000006119	Diverticulitis of the colon
diverticuli	medcodeid	626681000006110	Diverticulitis of the jejunum
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	197083003	Diverticulosis of the duodenum
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	197084009	Diverticulosis of the jejunum
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	197107003	Perforated diverticulum of ileum
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	235774002	Diverticular abscess
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	307496006	Diverticulitis
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	33838003	Diverticulitis of the duodenum
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	76953007	Perforated diverticulum of colon
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	21692001	Appendicular diverticulum
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	397881000	Diverticular disease
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	8114009	Diverticulosis of the small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	398157006	Diverticulosis of the large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	56165008	Diverticulitis of the small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	56165008	Diverticulitis of the small intestine NOS
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	4494009	Diverticulitis of the large intestine NOS
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	307496006	Diverticulitis unspecified
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	307496006	Diverticulitis NOS
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	280993006	Perforated diverticulum of small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	280993006	Perforated diverticulum of small intestine NOS
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	280992001	Perforated diverticulum of large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	63532004	Diverticula of the intestine NOS
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	398050005	Diverticulosis of the colon
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	386197003	Excision of diverticulum of colon
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	397881000	Diverticulosis
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	197104005	Perforated diverticulum unspecified
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	397881000	Diverticulosis unspecified
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	397881000	Diverticulosis NOS
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	197092000	Bleeding diverticulosis
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	197104005	Perforated diverticulum of intestine NOS
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	8114009	Diverticulosis of the small intestine NOS
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	4494009	Diverticulitis of the large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	197085005	Diverticulosis of the ileum
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	63532004	Diverticula of intestine
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	197112002	Divertic disease/both sml+lge intestin with perforat+abscess
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	197104005	Perforated diverticulum
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	197105006	Perforated diverticulum of duodenum
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	197106007	Perforated diverticulum of jejunum
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	67153004	Diverticulitis of the ileum
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	398157006	Diverticulosis of the large intestine NOS
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	280992001	Perforated diverticulum of large intestine NOS
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	197091007	Divertic dis/both sml+lge intestin without perfor or abscess
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	111359004	Diverticulitis of the colon
diverticuli	SNOMEDCT	111358007	Diverticulitis of the jejunum
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	77180	Excision of diverticulum of colon
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J23z3	Appendicular diverticulum
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J51..	Diverticula of intestine
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J510.	Diverticulosis
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5100	Diverticulosis of the duodenum
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5101	Diverticulosis of the jejunum
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5102	Diverticulosis of the ileum
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5103	Diverticulosis of the small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5104	Diverticulosis of the small intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5105	Diverticulosis of the colon
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5106	Diverticulosis of the large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5107	Diverticulosis of the large intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5108	Diverticular disease of both small and large intestine without perforation or abscess
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5109	Bleeding diverticulosis
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J510y	Diverticulosis unspecified
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J510z	Diverticulosis NOS
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J511.	Diverticulitis
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5110	Diverticulitis of the duodenum
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5111	Diverticulitis of the jejunum
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5112	Diverticulitis of the ileum
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5113	Diverticulitis of the small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5114	Diverticulitis of the small intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5115	Diverticulitis of the colon
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5116	Diverticulitis of the large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5117	Diverticulitis of the large intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J511y	Diverticulitis unspecified
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J511z	Diverticulitis NOS
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J512.	Perforated diverticulum
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5120	Perforated diverticulum of duodenum
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5121	Perforated diverticulum of jejunum
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5122	Perforated diverticulum of ileum
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5123	Perforated diverticulum of small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5124	Perforated diverticulum of small intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5125	Perforated diverticulum of colon
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5126	Perforated diverticulum of large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5127	Perforated diverticulum of large intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J5128	Diverticular disease of both small and large intestine with perforation and abscess
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J512y	Perforated diverticulum unspecified
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J512z	Perforated diverticulum of intestine NOS
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J513.	Diverticular abscess
diverticuli	Read2_5digit	J51z.	Diverticula of the intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	77180	Excision of diverticulum of colon
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J23z3	Appendicular diverticulum
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	XE2sf	Diverticular disorder of intestine
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	X304P	Diverticular disease
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5100	Diverticulosis of the duodenum
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5101	Diverticulosis of the jejunum
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5102	Diverticulosis of the ileum
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5103	Diverticulosis of the small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5104	Diverticulosis of the small intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5105	Diverticulosis of the colon
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5106	Diverticulosis of the large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5107	Diverticulosis of the large intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5108	Diverticular disease of both small and large intestine without perforation or abscess
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5109	Bleeding diverticulosis
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J510y	Diverticulosis unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J510z	Diverticulosis NOS
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	XaB8Z	Diverticulitis
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5110	Diverticulitis of the duodenum
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5111	Diverticulitis of the jejunum
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5112	Diverticulitis of the ileum
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5113	Diverticulitis of the small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5114	Diverticulitis of the small intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5115	Diverticulitis of colon
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5116	Diverticulitis of the large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5117	Diverticulitis of the large intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J511y	Diverticulitis unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J511z	Diverticulitis NOS
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J512.	Perforated diverticulum
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5120	Perforated diverticulum of duodenum
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5121	Perforated diverticulum of jejunum
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5122	Perforated diverticulum of ileum
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5123	Perforated diverticulum of small intestine unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5124	Perforated diverticulum of small intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5125	Perforated diverticulum of colon
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5126	Perforated diverticulum of large intestine unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5127	Perforated diverticulum of large intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J5128	Diverticular disease of both small and large intestine with perforation and abscess
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J512y	Perforated diverticulum unspecified
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J512z	Perforated diverticulum of intestine NOS
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	X304R	Diverticular abscess
diverticuli	CTV3_5digit	J51z.	Diverticula of the intestine NOS
