condition	vocab_id	code	description
enthesopathy_lower	ICD10	M66.0	Rupture of popliteal cyst
enthesopathy_lower	ICD10	M70.4	Prepatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	ICD10	M70.5	Other bursitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	ICD10	M70.6	Trochanteric bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	ICD10	M70.7	Other bursitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	ICD10	M71.2	Synovial cyst of popliteal space [Baker]
enthesopathy_lower	ICD10	M76	Enthesopathies of lower limb, excluding foot
enthesopathy_lower	ICD10	M77.3	Calcaneal spur
enthesopathy_lower	ICD10	M77.5	Other enthesopathy of foot
enthesopathy_lower	ICD10	M65.26	Calcific tendinitis, Lower leg
enthesopathy_lower	ICD10	M65.27	Calcific tendinitis, Ankle and foot
enthesopathy_lower	ICD10	M77.4	Metatarsalgia
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N215.00	Enthesopathy of the hip region
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N215000	Hip enthesopathy, unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N215100	Bursitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N215200	Gluteal tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N215300	Iliac crest spur
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N215400	Psoas tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N215500	Trochanteric tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N215600	Adductor tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N215700	Trochanteric bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N215800	Snapping hip
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N215900	Iliotibial band syndrome
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N215A00	Ischial bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N215z00	Hip enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216.00	Enthesopathy of the knee
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216000	Bursitis of the knee NOS
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216011	Semi-membranosus bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216012	Popliteal bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216100	Pes anserinus tendinitis and bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216200	Tibial collateral ligament bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216211	Pellegrini - Stieda syndrome
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216300	Fibular collateral ligament bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216400	Patellar tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216500	Prepatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216600	Infrapatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216700	Subpatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216800	Biceps femoris tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216900	Semimembranosus tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216z00	Knee enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N216z11	Suprapatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217.00	Enthesopathy of the ankle and tarsus
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217.11	Tarsus enthesopathy
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217000	Enthesopathy of the ankle unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217100	Enthesopathy of the tarsus unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217300	Achilles bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217400	Achilles tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217500	Tibialis anterior tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217600	Tibialis posterior tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217700	Calcaneal spur
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217800	Peroneal tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217B00	Anterior ankle impingement
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217C00	Fibular impingement
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217z00	Ankle or tarsus enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N21z214	Adductor tendonitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N21z215	Tendonitis adductor
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220600	Tenosynovitis of ankle
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220700	Tenosynovitis of foot
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220H00	Achilles tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220J00	Tibialis anterior tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220K00	Tibialis posterior tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220L00	Extensor hallucis longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220M00	Extensor digitorum longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220N00	Peroneus longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220P00	Peroneus brevis tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220Q00	Transient synovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220S00	Synovitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220V00	Synovitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220Y00	Irritable hip
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N220z12	Synovitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N222200	Beat knee
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N222400	Miners' knee
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N223.11	Postcalcaneal bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N224A00	Synovial cyst of popliteal space
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N224A11	Baker's cyst
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N225100	Rupture of popliteal space synovial cyst
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N225111	Rupture of Baker's cyst - knee
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N225112	Rupture of popliteal bursa
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N226500	Quadriceps tendon rupture
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N226600	Nontraumatic rupture of patellar tendon
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N226700	Nontraumatic rupture of Achilles tendon
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N226F00	Tibialis posterior rupture
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N226G00	Peroneus longus rupture
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N226y00	Other foot and ankle tendon rupture
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	NyuA100	[X]Other bursitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	NyuA200	[X]Other bursitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	NyuAC00	[X]Other enthesopathies of lower limb, excluding foot
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	NyuAD00	[X]Other enthesopathy of foot
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	NyuAJ00	[X]Enthesopathy of lower limb, unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	Read2	N217200	Metatarsalgia NOS
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N215.Y70UB	Enthesopathy of the hip region
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2150Y70UD	Hip enthesopathy, unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2151Y70U7	Bursitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2152Y70U2	Gluteal tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2153Y70UM	Iliac crest spur
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2154Y70U3	Psoas tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2155Y70U4	Trochanteric tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2156Y70U5	Adductor tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2157Y70U8	Trochanteric bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2158Y70UF	Snapping hip
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2158Y70UE	Iliotibial band syndrome
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	X706qY70U9	Ischial bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N215zY70UC	Hip enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N216.Y70Um	Enthesopathy of knee region
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	XE1FOY70Ue	Bursitis of the knee NOS
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	X7073Y70Ud	Popliteal bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	X7075Y70Uj	Semimembranosus bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2161Y70UU	Pes anserinus tendinitis and bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	XE1FPY70Uk	Tibial collateral ligament bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	Xa1uRYa3hY	Calcification of medial collateral ligament of knee
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2163Y70Uc	Fibular collateral ligament bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2164Y70UV	Patellar tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2165Y70Uf	Prepatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2166Y70Ug	Infrapatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2167Y70Uh	Subpatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2168Y70UW	Biceps femoris tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2169Y70UX	Semimembranosus tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	XE1FQY70Uo	Knee enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	X7074Y70Ui	Suprapatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	XE1FRY70VF	Enthesopathy of the ankle and tarsus
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	X707KY70VJ	Tarsus enthesopathy
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2170Y70VI	Enthesopathy of the ankle unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2171Y70VK	Enthesopathy of the tarsus unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2172Y70Vl	Metatarsalgia NOS
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2173Y70VD	Achilles bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2174Y70V1	Achilles tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2175Y70Wa	Tibialis anterior tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2176Y70WZ	Tibialis posterior tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2177YM1gW	Calcaneal spur
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2178Y70V2	Peroneal tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N217BY70VQ	Anterior ankle impingement
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N217CY70VS	Fibular impingement
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N217zY70VG	Ankle or tarsus enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2156Y70Wc	Tendonitis adductor
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2206Y70Uz	Tenosynovitis of ankle
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2207Y70VX	Tenosynovitis of foot
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N220HY70X4	Achilles tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N220JY70X3	Tibialis anterior tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N220KY70X2	Tibialis posterior tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N220LY70X1	Extensor hallucis longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N220MY70X0	Extensor digitorum longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N220NYa249	Peroneus longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N220PY70Wz	Peroneus brevis tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N220QY70Hd	Transient synovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N220SYaY8U	Synovitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	X702GY70FS	Synovitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	Xa85sY70UL	Irritable hip
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2222Y70W2	Beat knee
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2224Y70W0	Miners' knee
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	X707cY70Vw	Postcalcaneal bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N224AYMBAg	Synovial cyst of popliteal space
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	XE2aOY70mn	Rupture of popliteal space synovial cyst
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	X70CQY70mp	Rupture of Baker's cyst - knee
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	X70CPY70mo	Rupture of popliteal bursa
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2265Y70UZ	Quadriceps tendon rupture
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2266Yad1g	Non-traumatic rupture of patellar tendon
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N2267Yad1f	Non-traumatic rupture of Achilles tendon
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N226FY70V6	Tibialis posterior rupture
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N226GY70V7	Peroneus longus rupture
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	N226yYM0nA	Other foot and ankle tendon rupture
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	NyuA1YMAOV	[X]Other bursitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	NyuA2YMAOW	[X]Other bursitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	NyuACYMAOg	[X]Other enthesopathies of lower limb, excluding foot
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	NyuADYMAOh	[X]Other enthesopathy of foot
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3	NyuAJYMAOm	[X]Enthesopathy of lower limb, unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	13682017	Trochanteric bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	73788010	Tibial collateral ligament bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	75415016	Infrapatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	125702014	Psoas tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311353017	Adductor tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311354011	Tendonitis adductor
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311364019	Pes anserinus tendinitis and bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311370013	Biceps femoris tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311383014	Tibialis anterior tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311384015	Tibialis posterior tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311389013	Anterior ankle impingement
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311439018	Tenosynovitis of foot
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311448011	Achilles tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311449015	Tibialis anterior tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311451016	Extensor hallucis longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311457017	Synovitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311521013	Peroneus longus rupture
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	359327010	Synovitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	359589014	Popliteal bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	359624014	Postcalcaneal bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	359840014	Rupture of popliteal bursa
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	359841013	Rupture of Baker's cyst - knee
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	405344011	Rupture of popliteal space synovial cyst
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	1233051016	Quadriceps tendon rupture
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311352010	Hip enthesopathy, unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311378018	Enthesopathy of the ankle unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311379014	Enthesopathy of the tarsus unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311520014	Tibialis posterior rupture
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311526015	Other foot and ankle tendon rupture
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	312658018	[X]Other bursitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	312659014	[X]Other bursitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	312672010	[X]Other enthesopathies of lower limb, excluding foot
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	312673017	[X]Other enthesopathy of foot
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	312679018	[X]Enthesopathy of lower limb, unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	221631000000112	Adductor tendonitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	646081000006116	Enthesopathy of the ankle and tarsus
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	646121000006119	Enthesopathy of the knee
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	1816911000006113	Irritable hip
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	62220010	Beat knee
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	400297017	Bursitis of the knee NOS
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	137150010	Baker's cyst
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311438014	Tenosynovitis of ankle
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	91871010	Calcaneal spur
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	135200013	Bursitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311358014	Hip enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311380012	Metatarsalgia NOS
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	646111000006110	Enthesopathy of the hip region
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	113561000006116	Synovitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311392012	Ankle or tarsus enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	1231110011	Miners' knee
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	334283017	Achilles bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	359607015	Tarsus enthesopathy
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	28870010	Prepatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	48884013	Trochanteric tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	400298010	Knee enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	2649445015	Iliotibial band syndrome
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	20001010	Snapping hip
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	359590017	Suprapatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311371012	Semimembranosus tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311452011	Extensor digitorum longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311454012	Peroneus brevis tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	20135010	Achilles tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	88489011	Peroneal tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	139830015	Iliac crest spur
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	221601000000118	Pellegrini - Stieda syndrome
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	297671000006119	Nontraumatic rupture of Achilles tendon
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	297681000006116	Nontraumatic rupture of patellar tendon
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	359579010	Ischial bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311391017	Fibular impingement
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311450015	Tibialis posterior tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311453018	Peroneus longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	311455013	Transient synovitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	97681017	Gluteal tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	106668015	Subpatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	128331014	Fibular collateral ligament bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	137149010	Synovial cyst of popliteal space
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	221591000000112	Semi-membranosus bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	medcodeid	240041000006111	Patellar tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	7674000	Trochanteric bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	44245003	Tibial collateral ligament bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	45231001	Infrapatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	75680005	Psoas tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202863007	Adductor tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202863007	Tendonitis adductor
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202868003	Pes anserinus tendinitis and bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202872004	Biceps femoris tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202880006	Tibialis anterior tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202881005	Tibialis posterior tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202884002	Anterior ankle impingement
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202908000	Tenosynovitis of foot
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202917000	Achilles tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202918005	Tibialis anterior tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202920008	Extensor hallucis longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202926002	Synovitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202973008	Peroneus longus rupture
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	239817004	Synovitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	240002009	Popliteal bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	240033006	Postcalcaneal bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	240202000	Rupture of popliteal bursa
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	240203005	Rupture of Baker's cyst - knee
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	270887007	Rupture of popliteal space synovial cyst
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	6849006	Quadriceps tendon rupture
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	30936004	Hip enthesopathy, unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	302937000	Enthesopathy of the ankle unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	240018003	Enthesopathy of the tarsus unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	699312008	Tibialis posterior rupture
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	281550008	Other foot and ankle tendon rupture
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	111243002	[X]Other bursitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	81498004	[X]Other bursitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	312836001	[X]Other enthesopathies of lower limb, excluding foot
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	240028007	[X]Other enthesopathy of foot
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	312836001	[X]Enthesopathy of lower limb, unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202863007	Adductor tendonitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	21409006	Enthesopathy of the ankle and tarsus
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	39547005	Enthesopathy of the knee
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	301813003	Irritable hip
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	17059001	Beat knee
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	111243002	Bursitis of the knee NOS
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	82675004	Baker's cyst
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202907005	Tenosynovitis of ankle
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	55260003	Calcaneal spur
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	81498004	Bursitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	30936004	Hip enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	10085004	Metatarsalgia NOS
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	30936004	Enthesopathy of the hip region
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	302937000	Ankle or tarsus enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	52334005	Miners' knee
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	221695002	Achilles bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	240018003	Tarsus enthesopathy
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	17059001	Prepatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	29210001	Trochanteric tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	39547005	Knee enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	423849004	Iliotibial band syndrome
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	11568002	Snapping hip
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	240003004	Suprapatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202873009	Semimembranosus tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202921007	Extensor digitorum longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202923005	Peroneus brevis tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	11654001	Achilles tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	53208009	Peroneal tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	84308008	Iliac crest spur
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	60644007	Pellegrini - Stieda syndrome
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202964000	Nontraumatic rupture of Achilles tendon
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202963006	Nontraumatic rupture of patellar tendon
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	239993003	Ischial bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202885001	Fibular impingement
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202919002	Tibialis posterior tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202922000	Peroneus longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	202924004	Transient synovitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	58781003	Gluteal tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	64166009	Subpatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	77323000	Fibular collateral ligament bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	82675004	Synovial cyst of popliteal space
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	240004005	Semi-membranosus bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	SNOMEDCT	37785001	Patellar tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N215.	Enthesopathy of the hip region
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2150	Hip enthesopathy, unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2151	Bursitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2152	Gluteal tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2153	Iliac crest spur
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2154	Psoas tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2155	Trochanteric tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2156	Adductor tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2157	Trochanteric bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2158	Snapping hip
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2159	Iliotibial band syndrome
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N215A	Ischial bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N215z	Hip enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N216.	Enthesopathy of the knee
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2160	Bursitis of the knee NOS
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2161	Pes anserinus tendinitis and bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2162	Tibial collateral ligament bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2163	Fibular collateral ligament bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2164	Patellar tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2165	Prepatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2166	Infrapatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2167	Subpatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2168	Biceps femoris tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2169	Semimembranosus tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N216z	Knee enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N217.	Enthesopathy of the ankle and tarsus
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2170	Enthesopathy of the ankle unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2171	Enthesopathy of the tarsus unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2173	Achilles bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2174	Achilles tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2175	Tibialis anterior tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2176	Tibialis posterior tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2177	Calcaneal spur
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2178	Peroneal tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N217B	Anterior ankle impingement
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N217C	Fibular impingement
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N217z	Ankle or tarsus enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2206	Tenosynovitis of ankle
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2207	Tenosynovitis of foot
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N220H	Achilles tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N220J	Tibialis anterior tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N220K	Tibialis posterior tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N220L	Extensor hallucis longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N220M	Extensor digitorum longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N220N	Peroneus longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N220P	Peroneus brevis tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N220Q	Transient synovitis
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N220S	Synovitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N220V	Synovitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N220Y	Irritable hip
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2222	Beat knee
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2224	Miners' knee
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N224A	Synovial cyst of popliteal space
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2251	Rupture of popliteal space synovial cyst
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2265	Quadriceps tendon rupture
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2266	Nontraumatic rupture of patellar tendon
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2267	Nontraumatic rupture of Achilles tendon
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N226F	Tibialis posterior rupture
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N226G	Peroneus longus rupture
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N226y	Other foot and ankle tendon rupture
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	NyuA1	[X]Other bursitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	NyuA2	[X]Other bursitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	NyuAC	[X]Other enthesopathies of lower limb, excluding foot
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	NyuAD	[X]Other enthesopathy of foot
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	NyuAJ	[X]Enthesopathy of lower limb, unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	Read2_5digit	N2172	Metatarsalgia NOS
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N215.	Enthesopathy of the hip region
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2150	Hip enthesopathy, unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2151	Bursitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2152	Gluteal tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2153	Iliac crest spur
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2154	Psoas tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2155	Trochanteric tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2156	Adductor tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2157	Trochanteric bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2158	Snapping hip
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	X706q	Ischial bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N215z	Hip enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N216.	Enthesopathy of knee region
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	XE1FO	Bursitis of the knee NOS
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	X7073	Popliteal bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	X7075	Semimembranosus bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2161	Pes anserinus tendinitis and bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	XE1FP	Tibial collateral ligament bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	Xa1uR	Calcification of medial collateral ligament of knee
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2163	Fibular collateral ligament bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2164	Patellar tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2165	Prepatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2166	Infrapatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2167	Subpatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2168	Biceps femoris tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2169	Semimembranosus tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	XE1FQ	Knee enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	X7074	Suprapatellar bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	XE1FR	Enthesopathy of the ankle and tarsus
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	X707K	Tarsus enthesopathy
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2170	Enthesopathy of the ankle unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2171	Enthesopathy of the tarsus unspecified
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2172	Metatarsalgia NOS
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2173	Achilles bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2174	Achilles tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2175	Tibialis anterior tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2176	Tibialis posterior tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2177	Calcaneal spur
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2178	Peroneal tendinitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N217B	Anterior ankle impingement
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N217C	Fibular impingement
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N217z	Ankle or tarsus enthesopathy NOS
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2206	Tenosynovitis of ankle
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2207	Tenosynovitis of foot
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N220H	Achilles tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N220J	Tibialis anterior tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N220K	Tibialis posterior tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N220L	Extensor hallucis longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N220M	Extensor digitorum longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N220N	Peroneus longus tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N220P	Peroneus brevis tenosynovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N220Q	Transient synovitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N220S	Synovitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	X702G	Synovitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	Xa85s	Irritable hip
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2222	Beat knee
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2224	Miners' knee
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	X707c	Postcalcaneal bursitis
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N224A	Synovial cyst of popliteal space
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	XE2aO	Rupture of popliteal space synovial cyst
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	X70CQ	Rupture of Baker's cyst - knee
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	X70CP	Rupture of popliteal bursa
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2265	Quadriceps tendon rupture
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2266	Non-traumatic rupture of patellar tendon
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N2267	Non-traumatic rupture of Achilles tendon
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N226F	Tibialis posterior rupture
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N226G	Peroneus longus rupture
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	N226y	Other foot and ankle tendon rupture
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	NyuA1	[X]Other bursitis of knee
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	NyuA2	[X]Other bursitis of hip
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	NyuAC	[X]Other enthesopathies of lower limb, excluding foot
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	NyuAD	[X]Other enthesopathy of foot
enthesopathy_lower	CTV3_5digit	NyuAJ	[X]Enthesopathy of lower limb, unspecified
