condition	vocab_id	code	description
hyperthyroid	ICD10	E05.0	Thyrotoxicosis with diffuse goitre
hyperthyroid	ICD10	E05.9	Thyrotoxicosis, unspecified
hyperthyroid	ICD10	H06.2	Dysthyroid exophthalmos
hyperthyroid	Read2	66B4.00	Thyroid eye disease
hyperthyroid	Read2	C02..00	Thyrotoxicosis
hyperthyroid	Read2	C02..11	Hyperthyroidism
hyperthyroid	Read2	C020.00	Toxic diffuse goitre
hyperthyroid	Read2	C020.11	Basedow's disease
hyperthyroid	Read2	C020.12	Graves' disease
hyperthyroid	Read2	C020000	Toxic diffuse goitre with no crisis
hyperthyroid	Read2	C020100	Toxic diffuse goitre with crisis
hyperthyroid	Read2	C020z00	Toxic diffuse goitre NOS
hyperthyroid	Read2	F4G2000	Thyrotoxic exophthalmos
hyperthyroid	Read2	FyuBD00	[X]Dysthyroid exophthalmos
hyperthyroid	CTV3	XS29GY7A1E	Thyroid eye disease
hyperthyroid	CTV3	XE104Y41KN	Thyrotoxicosis
hyperthyroid	CTV3	XE104Y41KO	Hyperthyroidism
hyperthyroid	CTV3	XE105Y41KY	Toxic diffuse goitre
hyperthyroid	CTV3	X40OIY41Zy	Basedow's disease
hyperthyroid	CTV3	X40OIY41Zx	Graves' disease
hyperthyroid	CTV3	C0200Y41Nh	Toxic diffuse goitre with no crisis
hyperthyroid	CTV3	C0201Y41Ng	Toxic diffuse goitre with crisis
hyperthyroid	CTV3	C020zY41Nf	Toxic diffuse goitre NOS
hyperthyroid	CTV3	F4G20Y01in	Thyrotoxic exophthalmos
hyperthyroid	CTV3	F4G2.Y01if	Dysthyroid ophthalmopathy
hyperthyroid	CTV3	XaQbNY01ig	Dysthyroid exophthalmos
hyperthyroid	medcodeid	33469013	Thyrotoxic exophthalmos
hyperthyroid	medcodeid	57561015	Hyperthyroidism
hyperthyroid	medcodeid	150375010	Thyrotoxicosis
hyperthyroid	medcodeid	292327018	Toxic diffuse goitre with no crisis
hyperthyroid	medcodeid	292330013	Toxic diffuse goitre with crisis
hyperthyroid	medcodeid	398780011	Toxic diffuse goitre
hyperthyroid	medcodeid	472452010	Graves' disease
hyperthyroid	medcodeid	292331012	Toxic diffuse goitre NOS
hyperthyroid	medcodeid	379441000006115	[X]Dysthyroid exophthalmos
hyperthyroid	medcodeid	490987015	Basedow's disease
hyperthyroid	medcodeid	412221013	Thyroid eye disease
hyperthyroid	SNOMEDCT	19885005	Thyrotoxic exophthalmos
hyperthyroid	SNOMEDCT	34486009	Hyperthyroidism
hyperthyroid	SNOMEDCT	90739004	Thyrotoxicosis
hyperthyroid	SNOMEDCT	190241003	Toxic diffuse goitre with no crisis
hyperthyroid	SNOMEDCT	190242005	Toxic diffuse goitre with crisis
hyperthyroid	SNOMEDCT	267374005	Toxic diffuse goitre
hyperthyroid	SNOMEDCT	353295004	Graves' disease
hyperthyroid	SNOMEDCT	267374005	Toxic diffuse goitre NOS
hyperthyroid	SNOMEDCT	509381000000104	[X]Dysthyroid exophthalmos
hyperthyroid	SNOMEDCT	353295004	Basedow's disease
hyperthyroid	SNOMEDCT	276177000	Thyroid eye disease
hyperthyroid	Read2_5digit	66B4.	Thyroid eye disease
hyperthyroid	Read2_5digit	C02..	Thyrotoxicosis
hyperthyroid	Read2_5digit	C020.	Toxic diffuse goitre
hyperthyroid	Read2_5digit	C0200	Toxic diffuse goitre with no crisis
hyperthyroid	Read2_5digit	C0201	Toxic diffuse goitre with crisis
hyperthyroid	Read2_5digit	C020z	Toxic diffuse goitre NOS
hyperthyroid	Read2_5digit	F4G20	Thyrotoxic exophthalmos
hyperthyroid	Read2_5digit	FyuBD	[X]Dysthyroid exophthalmos
hyperthyroid	CTV3_5digit	XS29G	Thyroid eye disease
hyperthyroid	CTV3_5digit	XE104	Thyrotoxicosis
hyperthyroid	CTV3_5digit	XE105	Toxic diffuse goitre
hyperthyroid	CTV3_5digit	X40OI	Basedow's disease
hyperthyroid	CTV3_5digit	C0200	Toxic diffuse goitre with no crisis
hyperthyroid	CTV3_5digit	C0201	Toxic diffuse goitre with crisis
hyperthyroid	CTV3_5digit	C020z	Toxic diffuse goitre NOS
hyperthyroid	CTV3_5digit	F4G20	Thyrotoxic exophthalmos
hyperthyroid	CTV3_5digit	F4G2.	Dysthyroid ophthalmopathy
hyperthyroid	CTV3_5digit	XaQbN	Dysthyroid exophthalmos
