condition	vocab_id	code	description
osteoporosis	ICD10	M80	Osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	ICD10	M81	Osteoporosis without pathological fracture
osteoporosis	ICD10	M82	Osteoporosis in diseases classified elsewhere
osteoporosis	Read2	14GB.00	History of osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	58EG.00	Hip DXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	Read2	58EM.00	Lumbar DXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	Read2	58EV.00	Femoral neck DEXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	Read2	66a..00	Osteoporosis monitoring
osteoporosis	Read2	9kj..00	Osteoporosis - enhanced services administration
osteoporosis	Read2	9kj0.00	Bone sparing drug treatment offered for osteoporosis - enhanced services administration
osteoporosis	Read2	9Od..00	Osteoporosis monitoring administration
osteoporosis	Read2	9Od0.00	Attends osteoporosis monitoring
osteoporosis	Read2	9Od2.00	Osteoporosis monitoring default
osteoporosis	Read2	9Od3.00	Osteoporosis monitoring first letter
osteoporosis	Read2	9Od4.00	Osteoporosis monitoring second letter
osteoporosis	Read2	9Od5.00	Osteoporosis monitoring third letter
osteoporosis	Read2	9Od6.00	Osteoporosis monitoring verbal invitation
osteoporosis	Read2	9Od7.00	Osteoporosis monitoring telephone invitation
osteoporosis	Read2	9Od8.00	Osteoporosis monitoring deleted
osteoporosis	Read2	9Od9.00	Osteoporosis monitoring check done
osteoporosis	Read2	N330.00	Osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N330000	Osteoporosis, unspecified
osteoporosis	Read2	N330100	Senile osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N330200	Postmenopausal osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N330300	Idiopathic osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N330400	Dissuse osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N330500	Drug-induced osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N330600	Postoophorectomy osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N330700	Postsurgical malabsorption osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N330A00	Osteoporosis in endocrine disorders
osteoporosis	Read2	N330B00	Vertebral osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N330C00	Osteoporosis localized to spine
osteoporosis	Read2	N330D00	Osteoporosis due to corticosteroids
osteoporosis	Read2	N330z00	Osteoporosis NOS
osteoporosis	Read2	N331200	Postoophorectomy osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2	N331300	Osteoporosis of disuse with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2	N331400	Postsurgical malabsorption osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2	N331500	Drug-induced osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2	N331600	Idiopathic osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2	N331800	Osteoporosis + pathological fracture lumbar vertebrae
osteoporosis	Read2	N331900	Osteoporosis + pathological fracture thoracic vertebrae
osteoporosis	Read2	N331A00	Osteoporosis + pathological fracture cervical vertebrae
osteoporosis	Read2	N331B00	Postmenopausal osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2	N331H00	Collapse of cervical vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N331J00	Collapse of lumbar vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N331K00	Collapse of thoracic vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N331L00	Collapse of vertebra due to osteoporosis NOS
osteoporosis	Read2	N331M00	Fragility fracture due to unspecified osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N331M11	Minimal trauma fracture due to unspecified osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	N331N00	Fragility fracture
osteoporosis	Read2	N331N11	Minimal trauma fracture
osteoporosis	Read2	N374600	Osteoporotic kyphosis
osteoporosis	Read2	NyuB000	[X]Other osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2	NyuB100	[X]Other osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2	NyuB200	[X]Osteoporosis in other disorders classified elsewhere
osteoporosis	Read2	NyuB800	[X]Unspecified osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaQgTYatET	History of osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaITWYakvR	Hip DXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaITbYakvW	Lumbar DXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaPE2YarqN	Femoral neck DEXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaISdYakuY	Osteoporosis monitoring
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaQR9Yat1i	NA
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaQR9YatUv	Osteoporosis enhanced services administration
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaQRTYat22	NA
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaQRTYatUw	Bone sparing drug treatment offered for osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaISPYakuK	Osteoporosis monitoring administration
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaISQYakuL	Attends osteoporosis monitoring
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaISSYakuN	Osteoporosis monitoring default
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaISTYakuO	Osteoporosis monitoring first letter
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaISUYakuP	Osteoporosis monitoring second letter
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaISVYakuQ	Osteoporosis monitoring third letter
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaISWYakuR	Osteoporosis monitoring verbal invitation
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaISXYakuS	Osteoporosis monitoring telephone invitation
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaISYYakuT	Osteoporosis monitoring deleted
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaISZYakuU	Osteoporosis monitoring check done
osteoporosis	CTV3	N330.Y70hE	Osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3300Y70hG	Osteoporosis, unspecified
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3301Y70hJ	Senile osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3302YM0iL	Postmenopausal osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3303Y70hM	Idiopathic generalised osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3304Y70hZ	Disuse osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3305YMKCj	Drug-induced osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3306YMAqq	Postoophorectomy osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3307YadY1	Post-surgical malabsorption osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	N330AYMAqp	Osteoporosis in endocrine disorders
osteoporosis	CTV3	N330BYaY8i	Vertebral osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaC12YadaC	Osteoporosis localised to spine
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaIP4Yakpp	Osteoporosis due to corticosteroids
osteoporosis	CTV3	N330zY70hF	Osteoporosis NOS
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3312YMAqr	Postoophorectomy osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3313YMAr4	Osteoporosis of disuse with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3314YadY2	Post-surgical malabsorption osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3315YMAr6	Drug-induced osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3316YMAr7	Idiopathic osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3318Yae6M	Osteoporosis with pathological fracture of lumbar vertebrae
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3319Yae6N	Osteoporosis with pathological fracture of thoracic vertebrae
osteoporosis	CTV3	N331AYa3y3	Osteoporosis with pathological fracture of cervical vertebrae
osteoporosis	CTV3	N331BYaYn4	Postmenopausal osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaD2sYad4c	Collapse of cervical vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaD4IYad6r	Collapse of lumbar vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaD4JYad6s	Collapse of thoracic vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaD4KYad6u	Collapse of vertebra due to osteoporosis NOS
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaIIpYakhL	Fragility fracture due to unspecified osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaIIpYaqWZ	Minimal trauma fracture due to unspecified osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaNSPYaqTz	Fragility fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3	XaNSPYaqWa	Minimal trauma fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3	N3746Y70rR	Osteoporotic kyphosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	NyuB0YMAOo	[X]Other osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3	NyuB1YMAOp	[X]Other osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3	NyuB2YMAOq	[X]Osteoporosis in other disorders classified elsewhere
osteoporosis	CTV3	NyuB8YMAOw	[X]Unspecified osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	medcodeid	24883018	Drug-induced osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312133010	Postoophorectomy osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312156018	Postoophorectomy osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312165013	Postmenopausal osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	medcodeid	455535019	Collapse of thoracic vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1485032011	Osteoporosis monitoring administration
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1485033018	Attends osteoporosis monitoring
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1485035013	Osteoporosis monitoring default
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1485037017	Osteoporosis monitoring second letter
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1485038010	Osteoporosis monitoring third letter
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1485039019	Osteoporosis monitoring verbal invitation
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1485040017	Osteoporosis monitoring telephone invitation
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1485042013	Osteoporosis monitoring check done
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1485046011	Osteoporosis monitoring
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1485098013	Hip DXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	medcodeid	216206018	Fragility fracture due to unspecified osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312124013	Osteoporosis, unspecified
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312142015	Osteoporosis NOS
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312682011	[X]Other osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	455536018	Collapse of vertebra due to osteoporosis NOS
osteoporosis	medcodeid	40871000006119	Osteoporosis + pathological fracture cervical vertebrae
osteoporosis	medcodeid	40891000006118	Osteoporosis + pathological fracture thoracic vertebrae
osteoporosis	medcodeid	212431000006119	Postsurgical malabsorption osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	556881000000111	Minimal trauma fracture due to unspecified osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1122231000000117	Osteoporosis - enhanced services administration
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312681016	[X]Other osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	medcodeid	557111000000111	Minimal trauma fracture
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1484866013	Osteoporosis due to corticosteroids
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1485036014	Osteoporosis monitoring first letter
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312138018	Osteoporosis in endocrine disorders
osteoporosis	medcodeid	212441000006112	Postsurgical malabsorption osteoporosis with path fracture
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312683018	[X]Osteoporosis in other disorders classified elsewhere
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1137811000000114	History of osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1485041018	Osteoporosis monitoring deleted
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1485103010	Lumbar DXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	medcodeid	455433012	Collapse of cervical vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	107806013	Osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	786501000006117	Idiopathic osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	1715131000006113	Bone sparing drug treatment offered for osteoporosis - ESA
osteoporosis	medcodeid	453226012	Osteoporosis localized to spine
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312139014	Vertebral osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312157010	Osteoporosis of disuse with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	medcodeid	30475015	Senile osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	54058015	Postmenopausal osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	625381000006110	Dissuse osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	668551000000116	Femoral neck DEXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	medcodeid	545121000000114	Fragility fracture
osteoporosis	medcodeid	455534015	Collapse of lumbar vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312159013	Drug-induced osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312160015	Idiopathic osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312441019	Osteoporotic kyphosis
osteoporosis	medcodeid	40881000006116	Osteoporosis + pathological fracture lumbar vertebrae
osteoporosis	medcodeid	312689019	[X]Unspecified osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	14651005	Drug-induced osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203433000	Postoophorectomy osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203444008	Postoophorectomy osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203453001	Postmenopausal osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	311891006	Collapse of thoracic vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	391003008	Osteoporosis monitoring administration
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	391004002	Attends osteoporosis monitoring
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	391006000	Osteoporosis monitoring default
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	391008004	Osteoporosis monitoring second letter
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	391009007	Osteoporosis monitoring third letter
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	391010002	Osteoporosis monitoring verbal invitation
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	391011003	Osteoporosis monitoring telephone invitation
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	391013000	Osteoporosis monitoring check done
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	391017004	Osteoporosis monitoring
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	391070005	Hip DXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	443165006	Fragility fracture due to unspecified osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	64859006	Osteoporosis, unspecified
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	64859006	Osteoporosis NOS
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	64859006	[X]Other osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	240198002	Collapse of vertebra due to osteoporosis NOS
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203452006	Osteoporosis + pathological fracture cervical vertebrae
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203451004	Osteoporosis + pathological fracture thoracic vertebrae
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203434006	Postsurgical malabsorption osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	443165006	Minimal trauma fracture due to unspecified osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	505141000000108	Osteoporosis - enhanced services administration
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	443165006	[X]Other osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	306171000000106	Minimal trauma fracture
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	390833005	Osteoporosis due to corticosteroids
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	391007009	Osteoporosis monitoring first letter
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203437004	Osteoporosis in endocrine disorders
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203446005	Postsurgical malabsorption osteoporosis with path fracture
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	64859006	[X]Osteoporosis in other disorders classified elsewhere
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	473120007	History of osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	391012005	Osteoporosis monitoring deleted
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	391075000	Lumbar DXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	311806008	Collapse of cervical vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	64859006	Osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203429007	Idiopathic osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	505171000000102	Bone sparing drug treatment offered for osteoporosis - ESA
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	309745002	Osteoporosis localized to spine
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203438009	Vertebral osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203445009	Osteoporosis of disuse with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	18040001	Senile osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	102447009	Postmenopausal osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	53174001	Dissuse osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	440100002	Femoral neck DEXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	306171000000106	Fragility fracture
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	311890007	Collapse of lumbar vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203447001	Drug-induced osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203448006	Idiopathic osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203657009	Osteoporotic kyphosis
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	203450003	Osteoporosis + pathological fracture lumbar vertebrae
osteoporosis	SNOMEDCT	443165006	[X]Unspecified osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	14GB.	History of osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	58EG.	Hip DXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	58EM.	Lumbar DXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	58EV.	Femoral neck DEXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	66a..	Osteoporosis monitoring
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	9kj..	Osteoporosis - enhanced services administration
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	9kj0.	Bone sparing drug treatment offered for osteoporosis - enhanced services administration
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	9Od..	Osteoporosis monitoring administration
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	9Od0.	Attends osteoporosis monitoring
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	9Od2.	Osteoporosis monitoring default
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	9Od3.	Osteoporosis monitoring first letter
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	9Od4.	Osteoporosis monitoring second letter
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	9Od5.	Osteoporosis monitoring third letter
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	9Od6.	Osteoporosis monitoring verbal invitation
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	9Od7.	Osteoporosis monitoring telephone invitation
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	9Od8.	Osteoporosis monitoring deleted
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	9Od9.	Osteoporosis monitoring check done
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N330.	Osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3300	Osteoporosis, unspecified
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3301	Senile osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3302	Postmenopausal osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3303	Idiopathic osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3304	Dissuse osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3305	Drug-induced osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3306	Postoophorectomy osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3307	Postsurgical malabsorption osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N330A	Osteoporosis in endocrine disorders
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N330B	Vertebral osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N330C	Osteoporosis localized to spine
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N330D	Osteoporosis due to corticosteroids
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N330z	Osteoporosis NOS
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3312	Postoophorectomy osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3313	Osteoporosis of disuse with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3314	Postsurgical malabsorption osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3315	Drug-induced osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3316	Idiopathic osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3318	Osteoporosis + pathological fracture lumbar vertebrae
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3319	Osteoporosis + pathological fracture thoracic vertebrae
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N331A	Osteoporosis + pathological fracture cervical vertebrae
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N331B	Postmenopausal osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N331H	Collapse of cervical vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N331J	Collapse of lumbar vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N331K	Collapse of thoracic vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N331L	Collapse of vertebra due to osteoporosis NOS
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N331M	Fragility fracture due to unspecified osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N331N	Fragility fracture
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	N3746	Osteoporotic kyphosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	NyuB0	[X]Other osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	NyuB1	[X]Other osteoporosis
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	NyuB2	[X]Osteoporosis in other disorders classified elsewhere
osteoporosis	Read2_5digit	NyuB8	[X]Unspecified osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaQgT	History of osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaITW	Hip DXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaITb	Lumbar DXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaPE2	Femoral neck DEXA scan result osteoporotic
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaISd	Osteoporosis monitoring
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaQR9	NA
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaQRT	NA
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaISP	Osteoporosis monitoring administration
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaISQ	Attends osteoporosis monitoring
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaISS	Osteoporosis monitoring default
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaIST	Osteoporosis monitoring first letter
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaISU	Osteoporosis monitoring second letter
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaISV	Osteoporosis monitoring third letter
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaISW	Osteoporosis monitoring verbal invitation
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaISX	Osteoporosis monitoring telephone invitation
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaISY	Osteoporosis monitoring deleted
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaISZ	Osteoporosis monitoring check done
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N330.	Osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3300	Osteoporosis, unspecified
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3301	Senile osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3302	Postmenopausal osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3303	Idiopathic generalised osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3305	Drug-induced osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3306	Postoophorectomy osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3307	Post-surgical malabsorption osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N330A	Osteoporosis in endocrine disorders
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N330B	Vertebral osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaC12	Osteoporosis localised to spine
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaIP4	Osteoporosis due to corticosteroids
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N330z	Osteoporosis NOS
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3312	Postoophorectomy osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3313	Osteoporosis of disuse with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3314	Post-surgical malabsorption osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3315	Drug-induced osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3316	Idiopathic osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3318	Osteoporosis with pathological fracture of lumbar vertebrae
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3319	Osteoporosis with pathological fracture of thoracic vertebrae
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N331A	Osteoporosis with pathological fracture of cervical vertebrae
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N331B	Postmenopausal osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaD2s	Collapse of cervical vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaD4I	Collapse of lumbar vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaD4J	Collapse of thoracic vertebra due to osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaD4K	Collapse of vertebra due to osteoporosis NOS
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaIIp	Fragility fracture due to unspecified osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	XaNSP	Fragility fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	N3746	Osteoporotic kyphosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	NyuB0	[X]Other osteoporosis with pathological fracture
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	NyuB1	[X]Other osteoporosis
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	NyuB2	[X]Osteoporosis in other disorders classified elsewhere
osteoporosis	CTV3_5digit	NyuB8	[X]Unspecified osteoporosis with pathological fracture
