condition	vocab_id	code	description
scoliosis	ICD10	M41	Scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	2376.00	O/E - kyphoscoliotic chest def
scoliosis	Read2	7J44111	Dwyer anterior wiring of spine for scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	G411.00	Kyphoscoliotic heart disease
scoliosis	Read2	N373.00	Kyphoscoliosis and scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	N373000	Idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	N373100	Idiopathic kyphoscoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	N373200	Resolving infantile idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	N373300	Progressive infantile idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	N373500	Thoracogenic scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	N373600	Postural scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	N373700	Adolescent idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	N373z00	Kyphoscoliosis or scoliosis NOS
scoliosis	Read2	N374300	Scoliosis associated with other condition
scoliosis	Read2	N374A00	Scoliosis in skeletal dysplasia
scoliosis	Read2	N374B00	Neuromuscular scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	N374C00	Scoliosis in neurofibromatosis
scoliosis	Read2	N374D00	Scoliosis in connective tissue anomalies
scoliosis	Read2	Nyu5300	[X]Other idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	Nyu5400	[X]Other secondary scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	Nyu5500	[X]Other forms of scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	PE22.00	Congenital postural scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2	PE23.00	Congenital scoliosis due to congenital bony malformation
scoliosis	Read2	PG18.11	Congenital kyphoscoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	2376.YM04f	O/E - kyphoscoliotic chest def
scoliosis	CTV3	7J441Y60ji	Dwyer anterior wiring of spine for scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	XE0IrY60jh	Correction of spinal deformity and anterior instrumentation
scoliosis	CTV3	G411.Y20E2	Kyphoscoliotic heart disease
scoliosis	CTV3	N373.Y70qz	Kyphoscoliosis and scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	N3730Y70rJ	Idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	N3731Y70rI	Idiopathic kyphoscoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	N3732Y70rH	Resolving infantile idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	N3733Y70rG	Progressive infantile idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	N3735Y70rE	Thoracogenic scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	N3736Y70rD	Postural scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	N3737Y70rC	Adolescent idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	N373zY70r9	Kyphoscoliosis or scoliosis NOS
scoliosis	CTV3	N3743Y70r8	Scoliosis associated with other condition
scoliosis	CTV3	N374AY70r7	Scoliosis in skeletal dysplasia
scoliosis	CTV3	N374BY70r6	Neuromuscular scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	N374CY70r5	Scoliosis in neurofibromatosis
scoliosis	CTV3	N374DY70r4	Scoliosis in connective tissue anomalies
scoliosis	CTV3	Nyu53YMANb	[X]Other idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	Nyu54YMANc	[X]Other secondary scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	Nyu55YMANd	[X]Other forms of scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	PE22.Y7IQi	Congenital postural scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3	PE23.Y7IRA	Congenital scoliosis due to bony malformation
scoliosis	CTV3	X789EY7IR8	Congenital kyphoscoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	35274016	Progressive infantile idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	48227012	Resolving infantile idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	312426019	Postural scoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	312428018	Adolescent idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	312445011	Scoliosis in skeletal dysplasia
scoliosis	medcodeid	312447015	Scoliosis in neurofibromatosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	2157548013	Congenital kyphoscoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	312431017	Kyphoscoliosis or scoliosis NOS
scoliosis	medcodeid	312438011	Scoliosis associated with other condition
scoliosis	medcodeid	312596011	[X]Other idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	312597019	[X]Other secondary scoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	312598012	[X]Other forms of scoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	632801000006118	Dwyer anterior wiring of spine for scoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	253939017	O/E - kyphoscoliotic chest def
scoliosis	medcodeid	312448013	Scoliosis in connective tissue anomalies
scoliosis	medcodeid	312420013	Idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	312421012	Idiopathic kyphoscoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	121239018	Thoracogenic scoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	585051000006118	Congenital scoliosis due to congenital bony malformation
scoliosis	medcodeid	312419019	Kyphoscoliosis and scoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	312446012	Neuromuscular scoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	35209010	Congenital postural scoliosis
scoliosis	medcodeid	76126013	Kyphoscoliotic heart disease
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	20980008	Progressive infantile idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	28801006	Resolving infantile idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	203645000	Postural scoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	203646004	Adolescent idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	203661003	Scoliosis in skeletal dysplasia
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	203663000	Scoliosis in neurofibromatosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	405772002	Congenital kyphoscoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	64217002	Kyphoscoliosis or scoliosis NOS
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	64217002	Scoliosis associated with other condition
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	203639008	[X]Other idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	111266001	[X]Other secondary scoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	298382003	[X]Other forms of scoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	265724005	Dwyer anterior wiring of spine for scoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	162929002	O/E - kyphoscoliotic chest def
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	203664006	Scoliosis in connective tissue anomalies
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	203639008	Idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	203640005	Idiopathic kyphoscoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	72992003	Thoracogenic scoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	205045003	Congenital scoliosis due to congenital bony malformation
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	203638000	Kyphoscoliosis and scoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	203662005	Neuromuscular scoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	20944008	Congenital postural scoliosis
scoliosis	SNOMEDCT	45650007	Kyphoscoliotic heart disease
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	2376.	O/E - kyphoscoliotic chest def
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	G411.	Kyphoscoliotic heart disease
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N373.	Kyphoscoliosis and scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N3730	Idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N3731	Idiopathic kyphoscoliosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N3732	Resolving infantile idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N3733	Progressive infantile idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N3735	Thoracogenic scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N3736	Postural scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N3737	Adolescent idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N373z	Kyphoscoliosis or scoliosis NOS
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N3743	Scoliosis associated with other condition
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N374A	Scoliosis in skeletal dysplasia
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N374B	Neuromuscular scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N374C	Scoliosis in neurofibromatosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	N374D	Scoliosis in connective tissue anomalies
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	Nyu53	[X]Other idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	Nyu54	[X]Other secondary scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	Nyu55	[X]Other forms of scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	PE22.	Congenital postural scoliosis
scoliosis	Read2_5digit	PE23.	Congenital scoliosis due to congenital bony malformation
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	2376.	O/E - kyphoscoliotic chest def
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	7J441	Dwyer anterior wiring of spine for scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	XE0Ir	Correction of spinal deformity and anterior instrumentation
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	G411.	Kyphoscoliotic heart disease
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N373.	Kyphoscoliosis and scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N3730	Idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N3731	Idiopathic kyphoscoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N3732	Resolving infantile idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N3733	Progressive infantile idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N3735	Thoracogenic scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N3736	Postural scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N3737	Adolescent idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N373z	Kyphoscoliosis or scoliosis NOS
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N3743	Scoliosis associated with other condition
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N374A	Scoliosis in skeletal dysplasia
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N374B	Neuromuscular scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N374C	Scoliosis in neurofibromatosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	N374D	Scoliosis in connective tissue anomalies
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	Nyu53	[X]Other idiopathic scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	Nyu54	[X]Other secondary scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	Nyu55	[X]Other forms of scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	PE22.	Congenital postural scoliosis
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	PE23.	Congenital scoliosis due to bony malformation
scoliosis	CTV3_5digit	X789E	Congenital kyphoscoliosis
