condition	vocab_id	code	description
spondylosis	ICD10	M47.1	Other spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	ICD10	M47.2	Other spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	ICD10	M47.8	Other spondylosis
spondylosis	ICD10	M47.9	Spondylosis, unspecified
spondylosis	Read2	F163200	Myelopathy due to spondylosis
spondylosis	Read2	F337200	Nerve root and plexus compressions in spondylosis
spondylosis	Read2	N11..00	Spondylosis and allied disorders
spondylosis	Read2	N11..11	Arthritis of spine
spondylosis	Read2	N11..12	Osteoarthritis of spine
spondylosis	Read2	N110.00	Cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N110.11	Cervical spondylosis
spondylosis	Read2	N110.12	Osteoarthritis cervical spine
spondylosis	Read2	N110000	Single-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N110100	Two-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N110200	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N111.00	Cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N111000	Single-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N111100	Two-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N111200	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N112.00	Thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N112.11	Thoracic spondylosis
spondylosis	Read2	N112000	Single-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N112100	Two-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N112200	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N112300	Dorsal spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N113.00	Thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N113000	Single-level thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N113200	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N114.00	Lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N114.11	Degeneration of lumbar spine
spondylosis	Read2	N114.12	Lumbar spondylosis
spondylosis	Read2	N114000	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N114100	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N114200	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N115.00	Lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N115000	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N115100	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N115200	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N119.00	Cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N119000	Single-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N119100	Two-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N119200	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N11A.00	Cervical spondylosis with vascular compression
spondylosis	Read2	N11B.00	Thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N11B000	Single-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N11B100	Two-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N11B200	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N11C.00	Lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N11C000	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N11C100	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N11C200	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2	N11D.00	Osteoarthritis of spine
spondylosis	Read2	N11D000	Osteoarthritis of cervical spine
spondylosis	Read2	N11D100	Osteoarthritis of thoracic spine
spondylosis	Read2	N11D200	Osteoarthritis of lumbar spine
spondylosis	Read2	N11D300	Osteoarthritis of spine NOS
spondylosis	Read2	N11E.00	Cervical spondylosis
spondylosis	Read2	N11z.00	Spondylosis NOS
spondylosis	Read2	N11z.11	Osteoarthritis spine
spondylosis	Read2	N11z000	Spondylosis without myelopathy, NOS
spondylosis	Read2	N11z100	Spondylosis with myelopathy, NOS
spondylosis	Read2	N11zz00	Spondylosis NOS
spondylosis	Read2	Nyu6300	[X]Other spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2	Nyu6400	[X]Other spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3	F1632Y008K	Myelopathy due to spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3	F3372YMAi3	Nerve root and plexus compressions in spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3	XE1EtY70nv	Spondylosis and allied disorders
spondylosis	CTV3	X7039Y70LL	Spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3	X7039Y70pr	Osteoarthritis of spine
spondylosis	CTV3	XE1EuY70q7	Cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	X703jY70MN	Cervical spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3	X703jYaVDj	Osteoarthritis of cervical spine
spondylosis	CTV3	N1100Y70qA	Single-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1101Y70q9	Two-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1102Y70q8	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	XE1EvY70q3	Cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1110Y70q6	Single-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1111Y70q5	Two-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1112Y70q4	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	XE1EwY70qK	Thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	X70CwY70qB	Thoracic spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3	N1120Y70qN	Single-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1121Y70qM	Two-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1122Y70qL	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	XE1EwYaeEK	Dorsal spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N113.Y70qG	Thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1130Y70qJ	Single-level thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1132Y70qH	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	XE1ExY70qY	Lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	X703kY70MO	Lumbar spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3	X703kYaVDi	Osteoarthritis of lumbar spine
spondylosis	CTV3	N1140Y70qb	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1141Y70qa	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1142Y70qZ	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N115.Y70qU	Lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1150Y70qX	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1151Y70qW	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1152Y70qV	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N119.Y70pz	Cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1190Y70q2	Single-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1191Y70q1	Two-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N1192Y70q0	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N11A.Y70py	Cervical spondylosis with vascular compression
spondylosis	CTV3	N11B.Y70qC	Thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N11B0Y70qF	Single-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N11B1Y70qE	Two-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N11B2Y70qD	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N11C.Y70qQ	Lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N11C0Y70qT	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N11C1Y70qS	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	N11C2Y70qR	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	X70CwYaVDg	Osteoarthritis of thoracic spine
spondylosis	CTV3	XE1EyYamzN	Osteoarthritis of spine NOS
spondylosis	CTV3	XE1EyY70ps	Spondylosis NOS
spondylosis	CTV3	N11z0Y70pv	Spondylosis without myelopathy, NOS
spondylosis	CTV3	N11z1Y70pu	Spondylosis with myelopathy, NOS
spondylosis	CTV3	Nyu63YMANo	[X]Other spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3	Nyu64YMANp	[X]Other spondylosis
spondylosis	medcodeid	19006012	Thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	297150011	Myelopathy due to spondylosis
spondylosis	medcodeid	311055019	Single-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311056018	Two-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311061016	Single-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311069019	Two-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311070018	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311082010	Lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311083017	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311084011	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311085012	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311091014	Cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311093012	Single-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311094018	Two-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311095017	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311096016	Cervical spondylosis with vascular compression
spondylosis	medcodeid	311100015	Two-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311106014	Lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311109019	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311110012	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	359432012	Lumbar spondylosis
spondylosis	medcodeid	359433019	Osteoarthritis of lumbar spine
spondylosis	medcodeid	400266016	Spondylosis and allied disorders
spondylosis	medcodeid	1481872012	Thoracic spondylosis
spondylosis	medcodeid	80324016	Lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311118017	Spondylosis without myelopathy, NOS
spondylosis	medcodeid	312613012	[X]Other spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	400271011	Spondylosis NOS
spondylosis	medcodeid	1209790019	Arthritis of spine
spondylosis	medcodeid	2476044012	Osteoarthritis of spine NOS
spondylosis	medcodeid	18191000006115	Osteoarthritis spine
spondylosis	medcodeid	219611000000112	Osteoarthritis cervical spine
spondylosis	medcodeid	311119013	Spondylosis with myelopathy, NOS
spondylosis	medcodeid	508047017	Osteoarthritis of spine
spondylosis	medcodeid	1481870016	Cervical spondylosis
spondylosis	medcodeid	311057010	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311097013	Thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311099011	Single-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	312614018	[X]Other spondylosis
spondylosis	medcodeid	18181000006118	Osteoarthritis of spine
spondylosis	medcodeid	1492276018	Osteoarthritis of cervical spine
spondylosis	medcodeid	1492281010	Osteoarthritis of thoracic spine
spondylosis	medcodeid	400267013	Cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	400268015	Thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	400269011	Dorsal spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311062011	Two-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311079017	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311080019	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311081015	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	108431018	Cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	1705871000006118	Cervical spondylosis
spondylosis	medcodeid	311063018	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311068010	Single-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311074010	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311103018	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311108010	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	311072014	Single-level thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	medcodeid	297465015	Nerve root and plexus compressions in spondylosis
spondylosis	medcodeid	130001000006111	Spondylosis NOS
spondylosis	medcodeid	611421000006111	Degeneration of lumbar spine
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	10948005	Thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	192907007	Myelopathy due to spondylosis
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202657000	Single-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202658005	Two-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202661006	Single-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202667005	Two-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202668000	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202677007	Lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202678002	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202679005	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202680008	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202683005	Cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202684004	Single-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202685003	Two-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202686002	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202687006	Cervical spondylosis with vascular compression
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202690000	Two-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202693003	Lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202695005	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202696006	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	239880009	Lumbar spondylosis
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	239880009	Osteoarthritis of lumbar spine
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	267969005	Spondylosis and allied disorders
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	387802007	Thoracic spondylosis
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	48210000	Lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	68859000	Spondylosis without myelopathy, NOS
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	8847002	[X]Other spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	8847002	Spondylosis NOS
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	8847002	Arthritis of spine
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	8847002	Osteoarthritis of spine NOS
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	8847002	Osteoarthritis spine
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	387800004	Osteoarthritis cervical spine
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	192907007	Spondylosis with myelopathy, NOS
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	8847002	Osteoarthritis of spine
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	387800004	Cervical spondylosis
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202659002	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202688001	Thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202689009	Single-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	8847002	[X]Other spondylosis
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	387800004	Osteoarthritis of cervical spine
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	387802007	Osteoarthritis of thoracic spine
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	267970006	Cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	267971005	Thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	267971005	Dorsal spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202662004	Two-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202674000	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202675004	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202676003	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	65260001	Cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202663009	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202666001	Single-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202672001	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202692008	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202694009	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	202670009	Single-level thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	193120004	Nerve root and plexus compressions in spondylosis
spondylosis	SNOMEDCT	239880009	Degeneration of lumbar spine
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	F1632	Myelopathy due to spondylosis
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	F3372	Nerve root and plexus compressions in spondylosis
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11..	Spondylosis and allied disorders
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N110.	Cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1100	Single-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1101	Two-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1102	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N111.	Cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1110	Single-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1111	Two-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1112	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N112.	Thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1120	Single-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1121	Two-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1122	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1123	Dorsal spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N113.	Thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1130	Single-level thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1132	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N114.	Lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1140	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1141	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1142	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N115.	Lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1150	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1151	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1152	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N119.	Cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1190	Single-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1191	Two-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N1192	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11A.	Cervical spondylosis with vascular compression
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11B.	Thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11B0	Single-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11B1	Two-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11B2	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11C.	Lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11C0	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11C1	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11C2	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11D.	Osteoarthritis of spine
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11D0	Osteoarthritis of cervical spine
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11D1	Osteoarthritis of thoracic spine
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11D2	Osteoarthritis of lumbar spine
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11D3	Osteoarthritis of spine NOS
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11E.	Cervical spondylosis
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11z.	Spondylosis NOS
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11z0	Spondylosis without myelopathy, NOS
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11z1	Spondylosis with myelopathy, NOS
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	N11zz	Spondylosis NOS
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	Nyu63	[X]Other spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	Read2_5digit	Nyu64	[X]Other spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	F1632	Myelopathy due to spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	F3372	Nerve root and plexus compressions in spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	XE1Et	Spondylosis and allied disorders
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	X7039	Spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	XE1Eu	Cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	X703j	Cervical spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1100	Single-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1101	Two-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1102	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	XE1Ev	Cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1110	Single-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1111	Two-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1112	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	XE1Ew	Thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	X70Cw	Thoracic spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1120	Single-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1121	Two-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1122	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N113.	Thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1130	Single-level thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1132	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	XE1Ex	Lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	X703k	Lumbar spondylosis
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1140	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1141	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1142	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis without myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N115.	Lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1150	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1151	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1152	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis with myelopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N119.	Cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1190	Single-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1191	Two-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N1192	Multiple-level cervical spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N11A.	Cervical spondylosis with vascular compression
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N11B.	Thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N11B0	Single-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N11B1	Two-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N11B2	Multiple-level thoracic spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N11C.	Lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N11C0	Single-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N11C1	Two-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N11C2	Multiple-level lumbosacral spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	XE1Ey	Osteoarthritis of spine NOS
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N11z0	Spondylosis without myelopathy, NOS
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	N11z1	Spondylosis with myelopathy, NOS
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	Nyu63	[X]Other spondylosis with radiculopathy
spondylosis	CTV3_5digit	Nyu64	[X]Other spondylosis
