condition	vocab_id	code	description
spondylolisthesis	ICD10	M43.1	Spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	Read2	7J34112	Buck fusion of lumbar spine for spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	Read2	7J48500	Spondylolisthesis operation
spondylolisthesis	Read2	7J48511	Gill excision of spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	Read2	7J48K00	Reduction of spondylolisthesis and fusion
spondylolisthesis	Read2	7J48L00	Fusion spondylolisthesis in situ
spondylolisthesis	Read2	N384.00	Acquired spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	Read2	N384000	Dysplastic spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	Read2	N384100	Isthmic spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	Read2	N384200	Degenerative spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	Read2	N384300	Pedicular spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	Read2	Zw04600	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 1
spondylolisthesis	Read2	Zw04700	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 2
spondylolisthesis	Read2	Zw04800	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 3
spondylolisthesis	Read2	Zw04900	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 4
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	XE2Q0Y60j0	Buck fusion of lumbar spine for spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	XE0ItY60fb	Spondylolisthesis operation
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	7J485Y60fc	Gill excision of spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	7J48KY60jr	Reduction of spondylolisthesis and fusion
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	7J48LY60js	Fusion spondylolisthesis in situ
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	N384.Y70ph	Acquired spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	N3840Y70pm	Dysplastic spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	N3841Y70pl	Isthmic spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	N3842Y70pk	Degenerative spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	N3843Y70pj	Pedicular spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	Zw046YM0db	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 1
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	Zw047YM0dc	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 2
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	Zw048YM0dd	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 3
spondylolisthesis	CTV3	Zw049YM0de	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 4
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	312467012	Isthmic spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	312469010	Pedicular spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	527151000006116	Buck fusion of lumbar spine for spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	461580012	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 2
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	461581011	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 3
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	394592015	Spondylolisthesis operation
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	312465016	Acquired spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	312466015	Dysplastic spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	276668012	Reduction of spondylolisthesis and fusion
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	802211000006119	Gill excision of spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	461579014	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 1
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	276669016	Fusion spondylolisthesis in situ
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	7967011	Degenerative spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	medcodeid	461582016	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 4
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	203683004	Isthmic spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	203685006	Pedicular spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	265717009	Buck fusion of lumbar spine for spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	62620001	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 2
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	13131000	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 3
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	265726007	Spondylolisthesis operation
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	203681002	Acquired spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	203682009	Dysplastic spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	178805003	Reduction of spondylolisthesis and fusion
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	265726007	Gill excision of spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	44494000	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 1
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	178806002	Fusion spondylolisthesis in situ
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	4046000	Degenerative spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	SNOMEDCT	3472009	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 4
spondylolisthesis	Read2_5digit	7J485	Spondylolisthesis operation
spondylolisthesis	Read2_5digit	7J48K	Reduction of spondylolisthesis and fusion
spondylolisthesis	Read2_5digit	7J48L	Fusion spondylolisthesis in situ
spondylolisthesis	Read2_5digit	N384.	Acquired spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	Read2_5digit	N3840	Dysplastic spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	Read2_5digit	N3841	Isthmic spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	Read2_5digit	N3842	Degenerative spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	Read2_5digit	N3843	Pedicular spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	Read2_5digit	Zw046	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 1
spondylolisthesis	Read2_5digit	Zw047	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 2
spondylolisthesis	Read2_5digit	Zw048	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 3
spondylolisthesis	Read2_5digit	Zw049	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 4
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	XE2Q0	Buck fusion of lumbar spine for spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	XE0It	Spondylolisthesis operation
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	7J485	Gill excision of spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	7J48K	Reduction of spondylolisthesis and fusion
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	7J48L	Fusion spondylolisthesis in situ
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	N384.	Acquired spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	N3840	Dysplastic spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	N3841	Isthmic spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	N3842	Degenerative spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	N3843	Pedicular spondylolisthesis
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	Zw046	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 1
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	Zw047	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 2
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	Zw048	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 3
spondylolisthesis	CTV3_5digit	Zw049	[Q] Spondylolisthesis grade 4
